Daddy horny, Michael. Okay, Lindsay, are you forgetting that I was a professional twice over - an analyst and a therapist. The world's first analrapist. Heart attack never stopped old big bear! Are all the guys in here… you know? George Sr.: No, not all of them. Barry: Yeah. It's never the ones you hope. Whoa whoa whoa whoa. Wait. Are you telling me you have a multi-stage trick with hidden identities?

She calls it a mayonegg. Sure, let the little fruit do it. HUZZAH! You go buy a tape recorder and record yourself for a whole day. I think you'll be surprised at some of your phrasing. Yo quiero leche. Yo quiero leche de madre. The only thing more terrifying than the escaped lunatic's hook was his twisted call… Hey campers! It feels good to be back in a queen! Mom… after all these years, God's not going to take a call from you. I deceived you, mom. Tricked makes it sound like we have a playful relationship.

Well, they got the Asian right… "hotties" might be a stretch. That's so you can videotape it when they put you in a naked pyramid and point to your Charlie Browns. Suddenly he's too much of a big-shot to brush mother's hair.

No borders, no limits… go ahead, touch the Cornballer… you know best? But I'm the oldest. The matriarch if you will. So, what do you say? We got a basket full of father-son fun here. What's Kama Sutra oil? Maybe it's not for us. I got Michael out of his marriage, didn't I? Actually, she died. That's how Tony Wonder lost a nut.

Ah coodle doodle doo, ah coodle doodle doo. How about a turtle? I've always loved those leathery little snappy faces. First I blow him, then I poke him. That's the first time we were in the shower since our honeymoon. And this time, no tears. I hate the Wetlands. They're stupid and wet, and there are bugs everywhere, and I think I maced a crane. The only thing more terrifying than the escaped lunatic's hook was his twisted call… Hey campers!

Here he comes. Here comes John Wayne. They frame my junk.

Well, if you want to play Eve, you got to get in line behind what, above five homos. No! These are just strippers! Look how hot they are! Ann, you need to decide whether you want a man or a boy. I know how I'd answer. I'm foolish and I'm funny and I'm needy. Am I needy? Are you sure I'm not needy? 'Cause I feel needy sometimes. Got a big ass room at the travelodge. What a fun, sexy time for you. Each year, Oscar attempts the four hundred mile walk from Newport Beach to Berkeley, California. In the twelve years that he's attempted this, he's never made it farther than UC Irvine. Michael, you are not quite the ladies man I had pictured. Hopefully, we will remedy that when we are in the spa spreading body chocolate on each other. Yo quiero leche. Yo quiero leche de madre.

If you're suggesting I play favorites, you're wrong. I love all of my children equally. [earlier] I don't care for Gob. I've been in the film business for a while but I just can't seem to get one in the can.

Do the right thing here. String this blind girl along so that dad doesn't have to pay his debt to society. How am I supposed to find someone willing to go into that musty old claptrap? NO TOUCHING! I don't want no part of yo tight-ass country-club, ya freak bitch! ♪♪ It ain't easy being white. It ain't easy being brown. ♪♪ Yeah, like I'm going to take a whiz through this $5,000 suit. COME ON.

I just haven't had sex in a month. You know, you've been here two months. It's hard to gauge time. We need a name. Maybe "Operation Hot Mother." No, let's try to top that. (They never did.) Suddenly playing with yourself is a scholarly pursuit? Yes, she happens to be more experienced than a normal girl, but sometimes love should be… terrifying. It's sort of like going from prime rib to… I don't know… weird brother of prime rib. When a.. man.. needs to prove to a woman that he's actually.. [pause].. When a man loves a woman.. Come on, this is a Bluth family celebration. It's no place for children. Maybe it was the eleven months he spent in the womb. The doctor said there were claw marks on the walls of her uterus.